Add steps for rolling certificate update (#3940)
EventStore/EventStore: docs/operations.md

If you are using this strategy, we recommend you only support manual fail over from primary to secondary as
automated strategies risk causing a [split brain](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Split-brain_%28computing%29)
problem.

## Certificate update upon expiry

In EventStoreDB, the certificates require updating when they have expired or are going to expire soon. The user has to follow the below steps to perform rolling certificate update:- 

### Step 1: Generate new certificates

The new certificates can be created in the same manner as you generated the existing certificates.
You can also use the EventStore [es-gencert-cli](https://github.com/EventStore/es-gencert-cli) tool to generate the CA and node certificates. 
You can also follow the [Configurator](https://configurator.eventstore.com/) to create commands for generating the certificates based on your cluster's configuration.

### Step 2: Replace the certificates

> The next step is to replace the newly generated certificates in a subfolder and update the symlink to point it to the new certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to replace the outdated certificates with the newly generated certificates.

 If you are using symlinks then you can update the symlink to point it to the new certificates.
```

### Linux OS

We normally have a symlink that points to the existing certificates like:-

ca -> /etc/eventstore/certs/ca
node.crt -> /etc/eventstore/certs/node.crt
node.key -> /etc/eventstore/certs/node.key

Update the symlink so that the link points to the new certificates. For example:-

ca -> /etc/eventstore/newCerts/ca
node.crt -> /etc/eventstore/newCerts/node.crt
node.key -> /etc/eventstore/newCerts/node.key

In the above example we have the links in a folder at path /home/ubuntu/links

> ### Step 3: Reload the configuration

Reviewer: Just one other thing to add here - we can also trigger a certificate reload by sending a SIGHUP signal to the EventStore process (on Linux only). We should mention this here too.

2. The next step is to place the newly generated certificates in a subfolder and update the symlink to point it to the new certificates.

### Linux OS

We normally have a symlink that points to the existing certificates like:-

ca -> /etc/eventstore/certs/ca
node.crt -> /etc/eventstore/certs/node.crt
node.key -> /etc/eventstore/certs/node.key

Update the symlink so that the link points to the new certificates. For example:-

ca -> /etc/eventstore/newCerts/ca
node.crt -> /etc/eventstore/newCerts/node.crt
node.key -> /etc/eventstore/newCerts/node.key

In the above example we have the links in a folder at path /home/ubuntu/links

3. The final step in the rolling update certificate process is to reload the certificate. You can reload the certificate configuration without restarting the node by issuing the following curl command.

```bash:no-line-numbers
curl -k -X POST --basic https://{nodeAddress}:{PortNo}/admin/reloadconfig -u {username}:{Password}
```

For Example:-
```bash:no-line-numbers
curl -k -X POST --basic https://127.0.0.1:2113/admin/reloadconfig -u admin:changeit
```

Once the configuration has been reloaded successfully, the server will log the entries like:-

> [108277,30,14:46:07.453,INF] Reloading the node's configuration since a request has been received on /admin/reloadconfig.

Reviewer: The code block should just wrap the logs, so start below the "Once the configuration...." text

[108277,29,14:46:07.488,INF] Loading intermediate certificate. Subject: "CN=EventStoreDB Intermediate CA 78ae8d5a159b247568039cf64f4b04ad, O=Event Store Ltd, C=UK", Thumbprint: "ED4AA0C5ED4AD120DDEE2FA8B3B0CCC5A30B81E3"
[108277,29,14:46:07.489,INF] Loading trusted root certificates.
[108277,29,14:46:07.490,INF] Loading trusted root certificate file: "/home/ubuntu/links/ca/ca.crt"
[108277,29,14:46:07.491,INF] Loading trusted root certificate. Subject: "CN=EventStoreDB CA c39fece76b4efcb65846145c942c037c, O=Event Store Ltd, C=UK", Thumbprint: "5F020804E8D7C419F9FC69ED3B4BC72DD79A5996"
[108277,29,14:46:07.493,INF] Certificate chain verification successful.
[108277,29,14:46:07.493,INF] All certificates successfully loaded.
[108277,29,14:46:07.494,INF] The node's configuration was successfully reloaded

**Note:** If there are any errors during loading certificates, the new configuration changes will not take effect.

For example:- The server logs the following error when the node certificate is not available at the path specified in the EventStore configuration file.

> [108277,30,14:49:47.481,INF] Reloading the node's configuration since a request has been received on /admin/reloadconfig.

Reviewer: Same with above, the code block should wrap the logs, so start below the "For example..." text

[108277,29,14:49:47.488,INF] Loading the node's certificate(s) from file: "/home/ubuntu/links/node.crt"
[108277,29,14:49:47.489,ERR] An error has occurred while reloading the configuration
System.IO.FileNotFoundException: Could not find file '/home/ubuntu/links/node.key'.

> **Note:** The connection between nodes in EventStoreDB reset every 10 minutes so the new configuration won’t take immediate effect. The user has this timeframe to update the certificates on all the nodes. It is advisable to monitor the cluster after this timeframe to make sure everything is working fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection between nodes in EventStoreDB reset every 10 minutes so the new configuration won’t take immediate effect. The user has this timeframe to update the certificates on all the nodes. It is advisable to monitor the cluster after this timeframe to make sure everything is working fine.
```
